Updating SIP Editors & Steering Committe list + removed 1 Tech CAB member + add 3 new members (#124)
stacksgov/sips: sip editor committee/editors_list.md

> # Consideration for SIP Editor Committee

Reviewer: Could simplify this and drop Committee:

```suggestion
# Consideration for SIP Editors
```

- DeeList <DeeList.btc.us@gmail.com>
- j2p2 <i.digg.tech@gmail.com>
- jackbinswitch.btc <jackbinswitch@gmail.com>
- Kaylee Fort <Kaylee@kayleefort.com> 
- Marshall <thecoinmarshal@gmail.com>
- Mistiff <mistiff.btc@gmail.com>
- Rafael Cárdenas <rafael@hiro.so>
- Sleepi <zumtobi.btc@gmail.com>
- Tigs / Oliver <tigs@tuta.io> 
- Werner.btc <werner@stx.fan>

Discussions-to: https://github.com/stacksgov/sips

Created-by: SIP-000

Invite tree:

- HeroGamer recommended
     * AcrossFire
     * Algorithm.btc
     * Binaya.btc
     * cargocult
     * Cryptocracy.btc
     * Cyle.btc
     * dartman.btc
     * DeeList
     * j2p2
     * jackbinswitch.btc
     * Kaylee Fort
     * Marshall
     * Mistiff
     * Rafael Cárdenas
     * Sleepi
     * Tigs / Oliver
     * Werner.btc

## Biographies

**AcrossFire**: AcrossFire has experience as a DevOps engineer, Linux enthusiast, and a passionate Bitcoiner. He has experience with systems administration and enjoys automating maintenance tasks using tools like Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes and others. He likes to bring this experience to Bitcoin by running Bitcoin and Stacks nodes and doing what he can to optimize the experience.

> **Algorithm**: Currently serving at Secret Key Lab/ Xverse.
> Advocating for Stacks tech to fully inherit Bitcoin hash power where an individual can have full ownership of their identity.

Reviewer: Is this line break intentional?

```suggestion
**Algorithm**: Currently serving at Secret Key Lab/ Xverse. Advocating for Stacks tech to fully inherit Bitcoin hash power where an individual can have full ownership of their identity.
```

**Jackbinswitch.btc**: A crypto enthusiast/trader since 2017, and a full-time Registered Nurse currently working in palliative/hospice care for the terminally ill. Upon discovering the Stacks ecosystem in 2022, Jack has become a prominent member of Stacks Twitter. In addition to trading, and fiat mining, Jack has spent the last year primarily writing about Stacks on Sigle. Recently Jack joined the Flagship.FYI team as the Captain of their Stacks outpost. This position entails keeping their community fully appraised of the newest developments on the Stacks blockchain. 

**Kaylee Fort**: Kayla, also known as Kaylee, serves as the Community Growth Lead at Xverse, she is also a Bitcoin educator and content creator, where she contributes to the Bitcoin ecosystem. While previously specializing in Medical Simulation at Johns Hopkins University, she has been actively involved in Bitcoin education and participating in Stacks community events. Kaylee spent over 5 years as a Simulation Specialist I, before transitioning her career to join the Xverse team to help shape the future of Bitcoin. 

> **Marshall**: Marshall earns his living as a warehouse associate and forklift driver. He spends his spare time in the evenings and weekends enveloped in the Stacks ecosystem, tinkering with his nodes and talking shop with Pomeranian.btc.
> Marshall fell in love with Stacks when he learned that the mission from the beginning (even before the 2.0 launch) was to build a decentralized internet where users take back control from Web2 giants like Facebook and Google. These companies shouldn’t be allowed to say whether or not they “want” to be evil, as Google’s infamous tagline was “Don’t be evil.” Rather, the tagline should be “Can’t be evil,” as Muneeb so aptly put it.
> Marshall’s top core skills include his curiosity, problem solving / critical thinking, and written communication. He joined the Stacks ecosystem in February 2021 and never looked back. He graduated from Clarity Cohort 5 in 2022, he’s now excited to begin contributing to the SIP process, and he hopes to eventually ditch his forklift to contribute to the ecosystem full-time.

Reviewer: Same here, could bring all into one paragraph like the others

```suggestion
**Marshall**: Marshall earns his living as a warehouse associate and forklift driver. He spends his spare time in the evenings and weekends enveloped in the Stacks ecosystem, tinkering with his nodes and talking shop with Pomeranian.btc. Marshall fell in love with Stacks when he learned that the mission from the beginning (even before the 2.0 launch) was to build a decentralized internet where users take back control from Web2 giants like Facebook and Google. These companies shouldn’t be allowed to say whether or not they “want” to be evil, as Google’s infamous tagline was “Don’t be evil.” Rather, the tagline should be “Can’t be evil,” as Muneeb so aptly put it. Marshall’s top core skills include his curiosity, problem solving / critical thinking, and written communication. He joined the Stacks ecosystem in February 2021 and never looked back. He graduated from Clarity Cohort 5 in 2022, he’s now excited to begin contributing to the SIP process, and he hopes to eventually ditch his forklift to contribute to the ecosystem full-time.
```

**Rafael Cárdenas**: Rafael is a Staff Software Engineer at Hiro, focused on building and maintaining Hiro’s API infrastructure which includes the Stacks Blockchain API, Ordinals API, Token Metadata API and others, all of which power dozens of apps and wallets built on Stacks and Bitcoin. Rafael has also been an active member and contributor of the Stacks ecosystem since 2021, involved with the development of the core blockchain through the SIP process and participating as a reviewer at the Stacks Accelerator.

**Sleepi**: I am a study coordinator in the medical/pharmacy research with a strong passion for cryptocurrency, having become fascinated with its dynamic nature through day trading. As a community representative, I am committed to educating and supporting others and ensuring fair representation for all members. While valuing privacy, I continue to expand my knowledge in this rapidly-evolving industry and am open to connecting with others to discuss all things crypto. I am an active moderator and support in the official Stacks discord server.

> **Tigs / Oli**: tigs / Oli: Yo! The name is tigs and have been a multiplayer pro gamer since the early 90s. Not quite so pro anymore but through this exposure I taught myself Cisco (CCNA) and server administration at a young age. I haven't passed high school (got a GED), have attended college for gaming dev but never completed and have been involved in a few jobs in regards to teaching, inspiring and getting aspiring tech people into the industry as whole. Call me a Jack of all trades. Master of none! I am deeply involved with Horticulture as well (green fingers). I run several bitcoin+lightning nodes, a few miners and am deeply interested in Bitcoin as a saver of humanity, not purely as an investment vehicle. I am also involved with TSOBTC (The School of BTC).

Reviewer: Remove duplicate text

```suggestion
**Tigs / Oli**: Yo! The name is tigs and have been a multiplayer pro gamer since the early 90s. Not quite so pro anymore but through this exposure I taught myself Cisco (CCNA) and server administration at a young age. I haven't passed high school (got a GED), have attended college for gaming dev but never completed and have been involved in a few jobs in regards to teaching, inspiring and getting aspiring tech people into the industry as whole. Call me a Jack of all trades. Master of none! I am deeply involved with Horticulture as well (green fingers). I run several bitcoin+lightning nodes, a few miners and am deeply interested in Bitcoin as a saver of humanity, not purely as an investment vehicle. I am also involved with TSOBTC (The School of BTC).
```

**Werner.btc**: Works for the Hiro Wallet team as support lead, helping users with issues related to the wallet and transactions. Likes to think about ways to improve Stacks, and dapps in the ecosystem.

## About this SIP Editor Committee

> The role of the SIP Editors is to identify SIPs in the Draft status that can be transitioned to Accepted status. A SIP editor must be able to vet a SIP to ensure that it is well-formed, that it follows the ratification workflow faithfully, and that it does not overlap with any already-Accepted SIPs or SIPs that have since become Recommended or Ratified.

Reviewer: Some small grammar changes

```suggestion
The role of a SIP Editor is to identify SIPs in the Draft status and help transition them to Accepted status. A SIP editor must be able to vet a SIP to ensure that it is well-formed, that it follows the ratification workflow faithfully, and that it does not overlap with any already-Accepted SIPs or SIPs that have since become Recommended or Ratified.
```

The SIP Editors are responsible for maintaining the "inbound funnel" for SIPs from the greater Stacks community. SIP Editors ensure that all inbound SIPs are well-formed, relevant, and do not duplicate prior work (including rejected SIPs).

SIP Editors should be open and welcoming towards enthusiastic users who want to help improve the greater Stacks ecosystem. As such, SIP Editors should encourage users to submit SIPs if they have good ideas that may be worth implementing.

In addition, SIP Editors should respond to public requests for help from community members who want to submit a SIP. They may point them towards this document, or towards other supplemental documents and tools to help them get started.

## Considerations

### In-scope

The following items would be considered in-scope for this SIP Editor Committee:

1. To be updated.

### Out-of-scope

The following items would be considered out-of-scope for this SIP Editor Committee:

1. To be updated.

### Questions for SIP Review

Questions to facilitate SIP review:

1. To be updated.

_Note: above considerations subject to changes and iterations from ongoing lessons learned_

## Bylaws

1. To be updated.

---

> _If this SIP Editor Committee interests you and you wish to join the effort, please reach out to @jennymith and @Hero-Gamer or Steering Committee members @jcnelson and @GinaAbrams_

Reviewer: Inline with the title change

```suggestion
_If becoming a SIP Editor interests you and you wish to join the effort, please reach out to @jennymith and @Hero-Gamer or Steering Committee members @jcnelson and @GinaAbrams_
```
